today's episode of cribs brings us to a
very bustling section of downtown San
Francisco we're gonna visit Optimizely
hey welcome John Eisele Kali this is an
answer uber co-founder about tonight
that's right come on in great here we've
got our main lobby area and one of the
things that's important to me as the
founder of the company is I wanted an
employee's as they walk in to feel like
this was their building and so we have a
direct view of all of the great San
Francisco passer buys as well as the
office floor plan being very open nobody
has offices and so we're traditionally
very open culture right right yeah these
people are just they just work at
optimize really they're just hanging out
that's right yeah yeah we've caches out
in front here and people can lounge
around and grab drinks from the micro
kitchen and enjoy themselves well while
working most of this is our sales team
and they spend their day doing demos for
our customers cool it's nice because you
can tell we're on a sales floor because
it's like people are talking people are
on the phones and I'm talking to
companies and it just dead silent
everyone on computers yeah it's a it's
one of the things as we've gotten bigger
we realized that you need to have a
certain amount of energy or buzz as you
get distracted by other people's
conversations and with a high ceiling
that's great because people actually
have a conversation focus on their their
deal and not be distracted
right here is actually my desk today is
actually my birthday so my desk is not
usually decorated like this but the team
was kind enough to put some nice candy
and treats on my yes it is diorama I do
yeah yeah so you can take a look this is
a a gift I got for my last birthday and
it's a miniature of all of my favorite
things and all the things that are
important to me so you can see there's
Starbucks coffee I'll show you in a
second the wired article that's hanging
on the wall you can actually see a
miniature version of that there in the
corner my lovely assistant Tammy made
this for me for my birthday and it's a
it's a really special keep it on my desk
to remind me of all the things that I
one of the great things about these
desks these are walking desks so you can
actually work out while you work and
unfortunately they don't go very fast
but they go just fast enough that you
can actually focus on the task at hand
while walking in the treadmill so can
anyone get one of these who wants it
these are communal anybody who wants it
can use it and we have two today and as
more people want to walk while they work
we'll get more here one of the cool
things about our conference rooms is we
have these devices that actually sync
with Google Calendar and they'll tell
you whether room is available or not so
this is one of our conference rooms here
and they've one of the great features in
this conference room is our book that we
wrote earlier this year may be testing
most powerful way different click
something yes and I'm glad I can always
I love being in a meeting with somebody
and just casually mention the book and
then handing them a copy right with your
name right on the fridge
so this building was actually two
separate building this before and they
combined the buildings and this was
actually the the dividing line between
the two buildings and this countdown
clock actually has some historical
significance and this was the same clock
that was counting down in the Obama
campaign in 2008 we had different
obviously different texts there but
there's the same clock and even when I
was at Google this is the countdown
clock I was counting down to launch of
Chrome this exact this exact same block
and in fact this clock is so old it
didn't even imagine the people are using
it in 2014 so it doesn't even work in
2014 you actually have to adjust it to
pretend like it's 2004 we take table
tennis very seriously it optimized we in
fact have three different tables and one
of my favorite features of our table
tennis tables is in fact if you don't
have a partner to play with we have a
machine that will play table tennis with
you so Anna March to the forest gump
training sequence today at lunch every
day yeah so we have lunch catered in
everyday from Rebecca jeans great
catering company here in the city and so
she comes and builds a great healthy
lunch options for everybody
this is this is where important meetings
happen we have separation from the rest
of the company it was really important
to me to actually make sure that there's
glass all throughout so the door is
completely glass there's a whole glass
window that's facing the rest of the
office and I didn't want big decisions
getting made in a vacuum in a small
corner of the office yeah well it looks
like it someone else's birthday too
yeah it is in fact somebody else's
birthday it's my identical twin brothers
birthday can we go to happy birthday
they're over there right you definitely
are you kidding I'm not kidding I can
actually identify mother's birthday as
well well I mean I didn't know that he
also worked here in the in addition yeah
now you know that's pretty cool
here we've actually have a library which
we've built out as a separate spot where
you don't have to you don't book the
room just show up and if you wanted a
quiet place to focus on learn and do
your work you can do that again where
the book
we forgot to put the books in you're
right we wanted to get some books are
you pretty good yeah we have a lot of
these baby testing books we're trying to
sell so maybe we'll fill this place with
that and people can check them out here
one of my favorite things the whole
world is construction cranes and you can
see they're building a building right
next door to us we can actually watch
the mez day ability and as we expand and
fill up this building maybe we'll expand
over there at all that's so funny
because I feel like most people would
say like we're right next this
construction spot it's kind of a drag
for a couple years and you're like it's
awesome it's my favorite spot right I
love I love building things if I saw and
it unassembled IKEA box I would go it
and just build the desk like this is and
this is like a little boy's dream to see
if holding a pillow right next door this
is our secret beer fridge you build that
a whole little look for it I think this
is just as important as the library
dan thank you so much for having us here
this has been great sure thank you and
as a special bonus we'll go downstairs
and I'll show you a song that's being
recorded by our head of experimental
marketing we actually have a guest
appearance by a famous rapper MC
commerce he's actually reporting in here
right now it was told to me you guys be
coming and good friends Dan reached out
to me and he said hey could you guys
come in and maybe just hang out think of
some things to say these people are very
special to me so I I did a real quick
scribble down
well let me take a minute to welcome
call me and the TechCrunch team to
optimize you we hope you enjoy all the
things that you see if not don't blame
me I'm just the emcee be sure to grab a
snack or play a little pawn or anything
you do here you can't go wrong so have a
good time
well Dan shows you around we hope to see
the best office